hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to make low-fat vegan hash browns so
I've got these organic red potatoes and
I've already shredded up a decent amount
of them just to save time and i'll show
you how I'm going to shut up this last
one I have this tool it's called a
master cut you pretty much just slop
hold the potato here and you can see
inside here just comes up with all these
little shoe string type of shreds and it
works pretty fast I'll figure this out
and I don't know if you can buy this
tool called the master cut online or
what because it actually came with
cookware that we bought like four or
five years ago so I haven't tried
looking or I don't know but otherwise a
good tool is a cheese grater I read
online that a course cheese grater can
actually get these cut type of shreds
out of potatoes so if you're vegan and
you don't have a cheese grater that
would probably make sense put them it
borrows one out for someone or just buy
one and use it so you can cargo box
reddit potatoes every night so and this
is three pounds i don't know if i told
you or not three pounds of organic red
potatoes and I've got my um ceramic
nonstick pan right here and I'm not
going to use any oil I don't recommend
eating oil um too high it's just liquid
fat it's not gonna do anything good for
your body or your arteries so these are
vegan hash browns don't use butter don't
use oil if you have weird pans that
maybe they're not nonstick maybe use it
tiny bit in the bottom but just enough
so that stuff doesn't stick and get all
crazy or you could use a little bit of
water too but I don't recommend adding
any oil so I'm pouring all this in the
pan
and it might sound weird but this is all
one meal I'm gonna eat this whole thing
and i'll probably make another batch for
my husband he's at work right now but
yeah cuz we eat a lot alright set that
there and I'm gonna show you i'm going
up you can put herbs on it or spices if
you if you really really need salt I
mean put a little on but I don't really
eat a lot of salt i eat a low sodium
diet so i've got these parsley flakes
dried parsley i'm going to shake a
little of this on don't even make sense
to still with the top off because not
coming out very well so i got some dried
parsley i'm sure you can do fresh
partially to even better and um i'm
gonna put a little bit of turmeric on i
like it then it makes it with yellow and
then some pepper cool and i'll show you
i got it kind of on a lower setting for
the stove here if you can see supra toot
leg around three I don't know what you
guys the stoves are looking life but
yeah cook it on low and i'm going to
stir all this around and cover it with
this lid and i'm going to set a timer
and after 15 minutes i'm going to flip
it and wait another 15 minutes and see
if it needs to be flipped again
otherwise it should be done it and i'll
show you the finished product okay so
we're back with the final product this
is what it looks like beautiful I like
to eat it with a little ketchup if
you're worried about sodium or any other
anything else you got a problem with
ketchup you can make your own sort of a
sauce on any kind of tomato sauce pot
low-sodium pasta sauce you can use hot
sauce barbecue sauce or you can just eat
it plain it's really tasty and I'm also
going to eat it with some organic
romaine lettuce leather wrap it up or
just munch on it get the greens in and I
know why I lied earlier i said i was
going to be eating this all by myself
actually I've got a little buddy helping
me at 26 feet
little buddy in here I'm pregnant
helping me eat this so it's going to be
delicious I eat this like almost every
night don't worry potatoes aren't going
to make you fat and you're gonna feel
amazing I want to see all you get
healthy eat your fruits and vegetables
watermelon bananas potatoes or even rice
I got some rice over here right dates
your fruits and vegetables I want to see
you get super healthy and go vegan
you